docs: Analyze Metrics CLI update/redeploy feature (#1442)
Flank/flank-dashboard: metrics/cli/docs/features/update/06_update_feature.md

The following proofs cover the above requirements, so we can implement the `Update feature`:
- to parse the YAML configuration file, we can use a [package](https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/tree/master/yaml_map) that applies in the ci_integrations module for the same purposes;
- the Metrics CLI has everything we need to perform the redeploy action to the same Firebase project since the CLI can perform a deploy action.

### Requirements
> Define requirements and make sure that they are complete.

Let's start with visiting and analyzing resources to collect the necessary data during the analysis stage.
Thanks to these data, we can create precise and determined requirements and edge cases for the `Update feature`.

The `Update feature` has the following requirements:
- should read the configuration from the YAML configuration file;
- should consume the configuration file path via the command line arguments;
- should validate the YAML configuration file;
- should stop the redeploy process of the Metrics CLI if something went wrong during the process;
- should redeploy/update the existing Metrics Web application to the same Firebase project;

> - configuring the Sentry should be optional.

Reviewer: I suppose it would be great to divide the list into two different lists that would provide requirements for different actions. This allows making the requirements clearer. What do you think? 

Also, that would be great to tell something about edge cases. For example, if the updating fails, what would happen to the currently deployed version of Metrics components? And what should happen? Should the user be able to add Sentry to the deployed project while updating? And so on.

### Landscape
> Look for existing solutions in the area.

> There are no ready packages or solutions that satisfy our requirements since the `Update feature` is a custom feature 
> necessary exclusively for Metrics specific purposes in the Metrics CLI tool. Considering all the previous, custom implementation is the best choice.

Reviewer: In the Landscape section, we search not only packages that may or may not satisfy our requirements. We also refer to the existing solutions that are similar to the feature under analysis. In our case, we can refer to the Firebase CLI that updates the existing project if the deployment is being performed for the already deployed components. For example, the `firebase deploy --only firestore` updates Cloud Firestore security rules and indexes but doesn't create a new Cloud Firestore instance with new configurations. I suppose a couple of examples is enough. 

Also, notice here that for YAML files parsing we may use some 3rd-party packages. In that case, we should review their pros and cons and state that we'll use yaml_map as for CI Integrations (tell why).

```suggestion
Before landscaping the feature, we should notice that the update feature is preliminary custom as implies changes to the Metrics CLI and is specific for Metrics project purposes.
```

Let's take a closer look at the custom implementation.

This approach means we should implement the command, which redeploys the Metrics Web app to the existing Firebase
project. The command should extract the required data for the redeploy from the YAML configuration file.

### Prototyping
> Create a simple prototype to confirm that implementing this feature is possible.

As we've described in the requirements section, we must be able to perform the following actions to implement the Update
feature:

> - should read the configuration from the YAML configuration file;
> - should consume the configuration file path via the command line arguments;
> - should validate the YAML configuration file;
> - should stop the redeploy process of the Metrics CLI if something went wrong during the process;
> - should redeploy/update the existing Metrics Web application to the same Firebase project;
> - configuring the Sentry should be optional.

Reviewer: It seems like we duplicate the requirements section here. Not sure we should do something like this in the Prototyping section. Write the natural text here starting from the short intro.

```suggestion
To confirm that we are able to implement the update feature, let's start with configuration file parsing. The configuration file is a YAML-formatted file that defines the update targets (e.g., Firebase project). We can use Dart's core File implementation to read the configuration file as follows: 
... 

Then, having the configuration file content in a string, we can parse it using the yaml_map:
... 

The resulting map contains the values from the configuration file:
...
```
And so on.

The next code snippets demonstrate how we can perform the listed required actions:

- read the configuration from the YAML configuration file:
```dart
final parser = YamlMapParser();

final config = parser.parse(configYaml);
```

- consume the configuration file path via the command line arguments:
```dart
final configFileOptionName = 'config-file';
final argParser = ArgParser();

argParser.addOption(
  configFileOptionName,
  help: 'A path to the YAML configuration file.',
  valueHelp: 'config.yaml',
);

final configFilePath = getArgumentValue(configFileOptionName) as String;
```

- validate the YAML configuration file:
```dart

> final configValidator = ConfigValidator();

Reviewer: Are we sure that we should validate configurations for Metrics CLI?

final validationResult = configValidator.validate(configFile);
```

- stop the redeploy process of the Metrics CLI if something went wrong during the process:
```dart
// the command flow
try {
  action1();
  action2(); // throws and moves to the catch section
  ..........
  actionN(); // the action doesn't perform
} catch (e) {
  
}
```

- redeploy/update the Metrics Web application to the same Firebase project (how the feature selects the project id):
```dart
final parser = YamlMapParser();
final config = parser.parse(configYaml);
final projectId = config['project_id'];
```

- configuring the Sentry should be optional:
```dart
final parser = YamlMapParser();
final config = parser.parse(configYaml);

if(config['sentry'] != null) {
  // setup sentry
}
```

### System modeling
> Create an abstract model of the system/feature.

> Consider the following component diagram that demonstrates the `Update feature` integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The Update feature is a part of the Metrics CLI component and is to be integrated into the CLI. The following diagram demonstrates the Update feature integration:
```

In general, to implement the update feature, we should implement the command, which should consistently perform the following actions:
- parse the YAML configuration and extract data required for the update feature;
- checkout new version of the Metrics Web application;
- build the Flutter Web application;
- configure Sentry for the application using the Sentry data obtained during parsing the YAML configuration;
- redeploy the Metrics Web application to the existing Firebase project using the Firebase data obtained during parsing the YAML configuration.
  
To perform the first step, we're going to use the [yaml_map](https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/tree/master/yaml_map) package.
The package was chosen due to the following advantages over similar ones:
- was used in the CI integrations tool, here is an [example](https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/blob/0fadf00685df2b335def8c5697d6a5aa973ff92c/metrics/ci_integrations/lib/cli/config/parser/raw_integration_config_parser.dart#L19-L21);
- parses the YAML file in the default dart [Map](https://api.dart.dev/stable/2.13.2/dart-core/Map-class.html).
  

> And the last four steps, we're going to perform using the corresponding CLIs:

Reviewer 2: 🔨 I believe in this section, we should provide a landscape for the feature or its parts. More precisely, we should provide any examples, existing solutions, references, etc., that may be useful during designing this feature. But we should not choose the concrete approach we are to use to implement it. In this case, we can provide the usage examples of the third-party CLIs we are using for the deployment and underline that we are already using such an approach in the deploy command, which has similar functionality to the required.

### Prototyping
> Create a simple prototype to confirm that implementing this feature is possible.

To confirm that we are able to implement the update feature, let's highlight the complex implementation points necessary for the update feature.

The first one is consuming the configuration file path via the command line arguments. We can use the [`addOption`](https://pub.dev/documentation/args/latest/args/ArgParser/addOption.html) method within the [args](https://pub.dev/packages/args) package to consume arguments via the command line.

The next one is populating the Metrics Web config variables. 
We can reuse that [implementation](https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/blob/722a626c49594022fccda7af48c77be40cce1cef/metrics/cli/lib/cli/deployer/deployer.dart#L233-L239) from the Deployer.

The last one is redeploying the existing Metrics Web application to the same Firebase project. We can reuse and modify the [implementation](https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/blob/722a626c49594022fccda7af48c77be40cce1cef/metrics/cli/lib/cli/deployer/deployer.dart#L214-L231) for that from the Deployer.

### System modeling
> Create an abstract model of the system/feature.

> The Update feature is a part of the Metrics CLI component and is to be integrated into the CLI. The following diagram demonstrates the Update feature integration:
> ![Update feature integration diagram](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?cache=no&fmt=svg&src=https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/raw/update_command_analysis/metrics/cli/docs/features/diagrams/update_feature_integration_component_diagram.puml)

Reviewer 2: :readable:
```suggestion
The Update feature is a part of the Metrics CLI component and is to be integrated into the CLI. The following diagram demonstrates the Update feature integration:

![Update feature integration diagram](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?cache=no&fmt=svg&src=https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/raw/update_command_analysis/metrics/cli/docs/features/diagrams/update_feature_integration_component_diagram.puml)
```
